== Devolution '''TODO'''  ==

Devolution is the process of a county dissolving into several smaller entities, based on a regions with a non primary culture as 
majority or in special cases historic "cores". 

=== Start: Unitarian State ===
The starting point for a devolutionary process is crime. 
Steps of devolution
# province has a minority pop with own core, and there is a sectarian divied with a dominating culture by numbers or policy.
# increase level on disconnect based on unemployment, militancy. Reduced risk by reform promote_minoroties.
# province gets timed demand_autonomy. Gov may deny or accept - partial (e.g. only province or all with core in country). 
	if gov. deny province gets denied_autonomy
	if gov. accept province autonomy - create puppet or if pupet exists transfer sovereignty to puppet state. If state is independent, gov. have to deny autonomy.
# province has denied_autonomy will triggered by crimes get insurrection_modifier.
	Country gets insatiability interest penalty level1.
	gov. can respond with policing
	gov. can respond with minority_supression
	gov. can accept prov autonomy.**)
# province has insurrection_modifier, remove insurrection_modifier add violent_revolt_modifier.
	Country gets insatiability interest penalty level2.
	gov. can respond with (continued) minority_supression 
	gov. can accept prov autonomy.**)
# province has violent_revolt_modifier, MMT*) remove violent_revolt_modifier add sectarian_breakdown
	Country gets insatiability interest penalty level3 and militancy
	gov. can respond with continued minority_supression 
	gov. can respond with sectarian_wall and continued minority_supression. Sectarian wall costs in admin efficiency, gives suppression points.
	gov. can accept prov autonomy.**)
these options then repeat themselves
# if a province with sectarian_breakdown ever not is_controlled by owner, we get civilwar_modifier.
# province with civilwar_modifier and controlled by owner, remove civilwar_modifier and add sectarian_breakdown
	Country gets insatiability interest penalty level4 and tax revenue penalty.
	gov. can respond with minority_supression
	gov. can respond with sectarian_wall and minority_supression
	gov. can accept prov autonomy. -> country gets forced_autonomy, i.e.will try and become independent.

	x) ethnic_cleancing, minority_supression increase emigration from province.
	xx) ethnic_cleancing causes bad_boy.
	
	minority_supression is a province modifer, with time-out. On timeout read minority_supression if province has sectarian_wall.
	
=== Start Autonomic - Puppet ===

# Increase level on disconnect based on unemployment, militancy, and (forced_autonomy and (is_democracy or dictatorship_party_election)). Reduced risk by reform promote_minoroties or capital_province majority pop is_primary of puppeteer Y.
# Country gets timed modifier demand_independance.
	if puppeteer. deny  gets denied_independance
	if puppeteer accepts. Release puppet.
# If puppet has denied_independance MTT y). Remove denied_independance
	puppet gets option declare independence.
	or puppet get option stay puppet.
# puppet declares independence
	puppeteer war make_puppet (if not pupeteerer in default)
	puppeteer war release country(s). TODO how to make pupeteerer to assert iflunce in puppet.
	puppeteer accept.
# if puppeteer won the war to liberate country.
	liberated country become puppet of puppeteer if puppeteer is major or great power

== Evolution - Annexation of Puppet  '''TODO'''  ==

You may annex a puppet nation peacefully if the puppet goes into bankruptcy. The puppet gets the option to accept or reject the annexation. If the puppet rejects the annexation proposal they will in effect declare independence - giving besides the become_independent casus belli, the option for outright annexation of minor puppet states and acquire cores. Puppets with in a cultural union, will accept annexation.
If a puppet has a different government type than yours, you may declare war to reinstate your government type. 
